we wanted to make this prior to the
Caribbean really special and really
fresh so we got two new directors yoke
investment or Academy nominated
filmmakers reinvigorate the franchise
with something we've never seen before
there are new characters are going to
bring a new flavor and a different
dimension to one of the most powerful
franchises of all time when we heard
they were planning on making another
pirate we taped it we wanted to feel
like a ride be someone scary and
emotional and that means huge action
pieces
[Music]
we have our google extras huge build and
epic shops with fantastic location
it felt is exciting there's something
huge happening every day so it has an
energy and a force behind it but I've
never really experienced people not only
that you can cook but we're dealing with
iconic characters and iconic ships an
element I felt there was something the
magic walking on to up that scene the
craftsmanship in the details it's very
easy to lose yourself and to feel like
you are in another world
still men tell no tales
you